hey hey Wow Wow I hope you don't take
this the wrong way but I know we had
plans to meet up tonight and ah I'm just
kind of worried about what it might do
to our friendship I know how cool it is
having seven times no look they were
away in a foreign romantic country
I blame London bad London so look um
while we're still in London I mean we
can keep doing it right well I don't see
that we have a choice but when we're
back home we don't do it only here you
know I I saw a wine cellar downstairs
meet you there tonight Gary come on
honey are you gotta ask you something
now
Ross said my name up there I mean come
on I can't just pretend that didn't
happen
can i I don't know what about what
should I do
just to do the right thing
what hold the line thread the needle
think outside the box I think I'm just
gonna talk to Ross about what he thinks
it meant what wait Rachel no he's
married married if you don't realize
that I can't help you okay you're right
you're right it can't help me jack
I think all our fault were we bad
parents yes
oh yeah well who serves steak when
there's no place to sit I mean how are
you supposed to eat this hey what's up
are you we're supposed to meet in the
wine cellar
forget it that's also why the next tour
of the wine cellar in Joey what are you
doing
he promised me he wouldn't even eat
until she has two babies well I figured
we're in another country so it doesn't
count
that's too the man's got a point
listen in the middle of everything if I
scream the word yippee just ignore me oh
hello Rachel
Ross said my name okay my name
Roth said my name up there that
obviously means that he still loves me
okay don't believe me I know I'm right
oh you guys wanna go stairs and go drink
yes we do
but we have to change first yes I want
to change why don't you go down and get
the table yeah we'll be down in like
five minutes
15 minutes
so what happened well Ross said my name
yeah I know I don't think that means
anything okay let's look at this
objectively all right
ninth grade right the obsession starts
all right summer after ninth grade he
sees me in a two-piece for the first
time his obsession begins to grow right
hey why don't you go change in - wow you
look no time for that hey dude let me
and they got a girl out here well I've
got a girl in here
I just saw you go in there with Monica
oh we're hanging out in here which one
of us gotta be having sex in there me
you you well I suppose I would have to
say you what if we're watching a movie
in here which we are and we already paid
for it it's my giant giant I love that
movie